From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 50 recorded live
Thursday, December 13th, 2012. This episode is
brought to you by Tellerik
offering the best in developer
tools and support online@telerik.com and
by Franklin Stott net training
developers to work smarter and
now offering gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect for
windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Michael
SAR, Shea about learning, how
to learn get Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
And today on the show,
I've got my buddy Michael
sachet. How's it going, sir?
It's good. Not too bad.
How did you and I
meet and what are we
working on? We met through
Twitter and help me with
that. And so I refactor
some stuff and it's fun.
It is, it is fun.
I, I think that's a,
that's a very, very nice
way of putting it. I
think, I think I said
something more like, may God
have mercy on my soul
for this code that I'm
about to commit? I think
I expressed that it was
pretty horrible. The smallest.net it's
literally smallest D O T
N E t.com. We actually
would be cool if we
could by smallest.net as a
domain, but it's actually smallest
DOD ntt.com is this little
website that people can use.
It'll tell them what the
smallest download for forgotten ed
is that they can get
it'll detect what they've got.
Tell them if they're up
to date. And I wrote
it like in an hour,
two years ago, and it
was basically a switch statement
and it was just horrible.
And then windows eight came
out and then.net four or
five came out and people,
people started actually using this
site. It gets like 10,000
views or something in a
month. And I'm like, wow,
this, this matters. And people
emailed me that we need
to update this. So what
I put out the word,
not only did I get,
Hey, I'll be happy to
help you, which is always
appreciated, but I got pull
requests. And then I said,
wait a second. I'm going
to learn from this guy
because he showed where they
say, talk is cheap. Show
me the code. Here's my
Skype name, call me at
work. And then we had
like an hour long session
where I was trying to
show you how to merge
The pull requests and do
rebasing. And I think I
had to slow down a
couple of times to go
back over stuff. Cause I'm
so used to it. And
I wasn't really aware of
how much you had had
access to it Also what
you're so you're so politically
correct. You're so nice. I
had to slow down a
little bit cause you're an
idiot, Scott. I wouldn't say
that. I mean, it's a
new, it's a tool. I
mean, it's definitely complicated if
you, you know, don't know
like what's going on there's
so the get command line
is not forgiving. I will,
I would definitely say that
much. It takes some time
and there's a lot of
good tools now, but they're
going to know the nuts
and bolts a little bit.
Yeah. I have a, I
have a love, hate relationship
with get, I mean, I've
been using it now for
a couple of years, but
I, I would not say
I can do much more
than, you know, commanding branching,
making diff sending, sending pull
requests where I get really
confused. Are we basing and
some of the crazy fast
forward stuff and I'm always
still even now having to
go off and Google for,
you know, for some of
those commands where it's like,
Oh, was it get reset,
hard head. I always, I
get that one wrong. And
then the one where you
go back in time, two
steps, I always have to
look up what those are,
you know? Yeah. I mean,
I think that's kind of
a problem in general with
get the lot of the
commands they look the same,
but they do totally different
things. Like the fact that
I can name probably four
ways to create a branch.
Well, I guess there's only
two or three, but I
mean the fact that it's
just, you have to think
about it. There's not just
like, you know, you can
do getting branch new branch
name or you can do
get checkout dash be branch
name, or, you know, you
can pull out some new
stuff on the server or
you can check out a
remote branch differently. And it's
just like, Oh, well, which
one of these do I
want to do? And I
think it's really just getting
your head around all that
is sometimes a large task.
Well, it's interesting because there
are people that look, let's
look at it in terms
of programming languages. There are
people who learn Ruby and
a few days into it,
they go, wow, this is
the language of my soul.
Right. I'm supposed to do
this. And then there are
those who learn C-sharp and
have the exact same feeling.
And the same thing occurs,
I think with get and
mercurial. When I learned mercurial,
I was like, Oh yeah,
totally. You know what I
mean? Like even now mercurial
just makes total sense to
me. Totally get it awesome.
You know, probably because it's
kind of like mercurial is
distributed towards control for people
who like SVN. So it's
almost like, you know, it's
just totally intuitive. If you
dug SVN, if you'd have
some version, it doesn't do
that much more. And it's
all the, all the commands
are fair effectively similar. And
then if you want to
get into the crazy stuff,
you can, but you can
get a lot done without
a lot of complications. But
as soon as you get
into get world, it's almost
like, like when you ask
a Unix guy, know I
will use, I need to
solve this one problem. And
the Unix guy says, all
right, well, let's start by
writing this regular expression. You're
like, no, no, no, no,
no, no. It's just let
me just, I just want
to do this one thing.
Okay. Well here's how often
said work. Well, I can
get back up for a
second. I feel like that
would get it's like, okay,
I want to check this
in. All right, well, first
we're going to rebate. It
gets the second it and
it's like, Oh man, you
can just code in. You
know what I mean? Yeah.
Actually I learned material before
I learned to get. And
I think the big thing
about materials material is not
very big on letting you
touch your history. So you
commit something and you can't
like, if you want to
undo it, you have to
revert it and get where
you can just crank it
out and then, or rebates,
which is a way of
modifying your history and get
you that doesn't really exist
in material. And if it
does, I mean, I'm not
aware of it. Cause I
only use it for like
three or four months on
a project. And I just
loved it. Like what you
said, like the command line
is just so much better.
There's like merge, merging branch
makes a branch and you
know, reset, resets your repository
and all you have to
do unlike get where you
have to like supply a
commit hash or a branch
name or something to point
to what you want to
reset to. Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
So I think that, that
the, the source control that
you spend time with the
most before you are introduced
to get color, is your
relationship with get, when did
you say? Yeah. And I
actually started out my very
first job. I walked in
and they're using source safe
and I like died on
the inside. As soon as
I realized I had to
like check code out from
the server and stuff. And
like other people could check
it out and I couldn't
work for three days cause
they were out of the
office and they didn't check
their code in. That was
always fun. There's a lot
of people still using sources.
Oh yeah. I'm aware it's
gone a lot better. I've
heard. I haven't. No it
hasn't. But the point is,
the point is though that
like there may be people
who are listening to this
are like, Oh man, I
wish, you know, like, but,
but at the same time
it did get a lot
of work done. Like people
got a lot of work
done with, with, with source
safe. I'm not saying that
as a Microsoft apologist. I'm
just saying that as like
the, it was it like
after zip files, that was
it for a long time
for windows people at least.
Yeah. Well, I mean it's,
I mean, you get work
done. And we did like
the project Tom was on
it and I got it
like moved over to material
and then we use that
and then I went off
to another job after that
point. So, So do you
think that a new user
should sit down with kit
and learn the command line
or they should go and
learn one of the kind
of half done gooeys that
there are? That is a
great question. So I, I
actually prefer people that are
in the command line first.
And the reason for that
is, is the gummies are
great. I mean, get, has
a built in gooey. They
get Dewey, which is pretty
functional, but they're not very
forgiving if you don't know
what's going on underneath and
without fail, you got on
the fancy GitHub for windows,
you will have to hit
the command line at some
point, cause you're gonna have
a merge conflict and you
have to know how to
go in and, you know,
continue a merge and run
your merge tool and all
that. And so I think
learning the command line, you
know, like, okay, when I
click the sync button, what's
really happening, like, am I
pushing changes? Am I pulling
changes? Is a merge going
to happen? I think just
kind of learning to, even
if it's a baseline, like
I need to learn how
to push and pull and
do a merge and commit
to command line is the
best way, because then when
something breaks, you know, you
can kinda run the look
at the command line and
say, okay, well I can
see my status and stuff
here, or I can reset
and that's not always accessible
via the buoys that are
available. So I think command
line first and then find
a degree that argument, your
command line usage is almost
the best way to go.
You mentioned the sync button
and when we say the
sync button right now, the
most well-designed or the prettiest
or the kind of the
premier get a gooey would
be the get hub for
windows, client, which is optimized
for the GitHub website, but
you could take existing, get
repositories and drag it in.
So if you had a
local repository or if you
were using Bitbucket or a
code Plex, you could bring
that, get repository down, drag
it into GitHub. And there's
this sync button. And I
think that the fact that
there is a button called
sync, which is effectively the,
you know, figure it out
and get me completely up
to date, but there is
no single command line command
that, that, that, that maps
directly to that is kind
of proof that there's a
problem with get, you know
what I mean? The GitHub
for windows guys said, we
need a button that just
gets regular people caught up,
but it does a bunch
of stuff in the background.
Well, yeah, what's interesting about
those two is, is, so
if you're on, if you're
on a branch and you're
trying to seek your branch
and you're ahead, and someone
else's committed to that branch,
it doesn't work because there
is, as you said, there's
no analog to the command
line for that action. And
it requires, you know, okay,
you have to make a
decision at that point in
time, how you want to
handle that. And I think
that's a, that's an interesting,
and it's part of get,
because it's, it's, you can
modify the history in a
lot of ways like that,
so, Right, right. And the
sync button is, is fantastic
and works perfectly until it
completely doesn't work at all.
Yeah. We're dropping you into
the shell that you've never
seen before. Get ready for
it. Yep. It's a, it
can be it's fun when
people look at it and
go, Oh, there's this big
red thing that says abort
or open shell and you
just don't know which one
to click sometimes. Right. Right.
And then, and then that's
kind of the, the sad
thing about, about GIF is
that they've done such an
amazing job of hiding it
with the up for windows
tool. And then there's not
even an off ramp, it's
it? Doesn't, they don't, they
don't slowly like back you
down from the, a, the
stuff they've been hiding, it
just disappears. And it's like,
alright, we've, you know, this,
this obstruction has officially leaked
and it's over now abort
or open command shell. Yeah.
I think doing like often,
I just want to say,
get me the latest stuff
and in whatever way possible.
So I think, I believe
it does a good whole,
and then they get merged
if it can. And then
it also is a push.
So I'm not exactly one
of them should have the
order because I can't see
that what's happening. But typically
what you do, if you
want to seek your pository
and without changing history is
you pull the branch from
the remote repository, which could
be, you know, another full
computer get over whatever. Yeah.
So it brings all those
changes and then you merge
those. Then you go through
the marriage and then you
push any local changes that
are on the server up.
So like, you know, you're
bringing in the changes that
exist and you're pushing them
up or in the case
that there are no changes,
you would just run a
push. And so that's what
it's doing behind the background.
I'd not, That's kind of
the thing that you'd want
to do all the time.
I mean, that's what I
do kind of every morning.
Yeah. That's an interesting thing
too. I know a lot
of people are of that
mindset where, you know, I've
got to get my changes
all the time. I'm not,
if I'm not, if I'm
working on something that's disconnected
from what's being done, I
don't seem to care. Cause
it doesn't matter at a
later date. Talk about that
because I think that at
the beginning, we said about
how your previous experiences color,
your color, your relationship with
kid, I'm really obsessed with
always being up to date.
And, and that is probably
because of a fear of
emerge going bad, right. Because
if I don't have to
merge, then I don't have
to face that fear. I
just have to make sure
that I've got the latest
stuff and my mergers become
very small and very non-scary,
but you sounds like you'll
stay disconnected for days, weeks
Not weeks. I think there's
a show a couple of
weeks, a little bit back
that you had about continuous
deployment. That as a mindset
that I try to follow
with, get code in production,
not necessarily features. So I'm
like tested code and like
fully working code quickly. And
so I tend to do
lots of small commits throughout
the day. So I'm like
I added these methods and
they work and it's like
commit those. And then, you
know, I get kind of
a stopping point where, you
know, something's complete and it
may not be the whole
feature. Like maybe I've only
wrote the data access. I
will go ahead and merge
that into master or the
branch or whatever, then I'm
on. And a lot of
people, what they want to
do is make sure that
their branch has always has
all the changes. And so
I feel like, well, I'm
working on, you know, this
feature and other people are
working on bug fixes or
whatever. And as long as
those bug fixes, aren't associated
with my feature, to me,
it doesn't matter if I
have them in my work,
in my branch. I'm working
out of, because at the
end of the day, I'm
just going to, hopefully if
your code is built properly
or it's not, the churn
is not super high, you
can just go in and
do a rebate, which is,
you know, something kind of
advanced, or you can just
merge it if you don't
mind, most commits. And there
shouldn't be too many conflicts
that you have to deal
with Basically. And assuming that
people know what that means.
Let's talk about that because
rebase seems to be like
the first thing that someone
learns that's, that's, that's kind
of scary and makes no
sense. You know, it's just
words that, that totally makes
sense to you. Or to
this day, I still don't
quite understand what a rebase
does, but I know that
people use it like out
like a weapon, you know,
like get users are like,
Oh yeah, I did a
rebate. I'm like, Oh God,
what is that? That's you
must be advanced. So a
rebate is a very low
way of rewriting a history
for a set of changes.
So like a set of
commits rather. So that could
be committed in a branch
commit against another branch. So
let's say I have my
master branch. And then I
make what are normally called
topic branches, which is like,
you know, some branch for
a specific bug or topic
that I'm working on. And
then someone's made, commits the
master. So my branch will
point to the commit that
master was head of it.
At the time I made
the branch, that's like the
newest commit on master. And
then so people have added
changes. So when I rebase,
what I'm doing is I'm
saying by get rebates and
then typically it's against master
or another branch. And that
just says, find the newest
commit on master of whatever.
I'm just getting smashed for
this and move the changes
from the current one into
that. So you're changing the
base commit of your branch
or set of changes to
a new commit. So you
can even go back. I
think you could even go
back in time. I've never
tried that, but I don't
see why not. But basically
all it does is say,
take the new changes and
make my history reflect those.
Okay. So let me see
if I understand this and
I'll play it back to
you. Okay. Rebase the statement
here. Okay. So me and
a guy show up at
work on Monday and I
make a branch of the
work that he did on
Monday. So I'm off kind
of on a branch doing
my own thing. He's on
master. He does a bunch
of work Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, he's coming, Thursday comes
along, he's got Thursdays work
and Wednesdays work and Tuesdays
work all sitting on master.
I've been working off on
Monday stuff all this time.
I have two choices. Now
I could merge my stuff
in with master, or I
could basically take the changes
that I've added since Monday.
And rather than applying them
to Monday, I'll apply them
and see if they apply
to his new stuff on
Thursday. So I kind of
back up, you know, kind
of unroll my stuff, hold
onto it for a second,
go back up to Thursday
and then play it back.
Exactly. So typically that goes
really well. Unless, like I
said, there's a lot of
churn, especially on the stuff
that your branch is in.
So like, let's say from
Monday to Thursday, he doesn't
touch anything that you're working
on. And if you do
a marriage, then you're, you'll
get emergency ma'am, which is
not a bad thing. It's
just kind of a preference.
Like some places don't mind
merge, commits the place I
work. We try not to
have merge commits because they
make reverting changes out of
a branch kind of trickier,
Slow down. So a merge
commit would be a commit
that is just showing all
of the results of the
merge. So they tend to
be big and messy. No.
So a merge commit is
a specific commit that contains
information to resolve any conflicts.
Like what if, if I
look at it in a
diff tool, what's it going
to look like? It depends.
So let's say, let's say
that we have like a
small, a small file has
got a method, you know,
not to get, get people
and it's got some stuff
and you change something in
and he changed something in
it. And there's a conflict
where you both change the
same line, but there's no
way to resolve that. You
know, with no methods like
you both, didn't like, what
are you going to rename
a variable? And the other
one, you know, rename another
thing. So emergent commit would
say, you know, you get
a three way merge tool,
like Qaeda for the on
compare, whatever, and you would
have to pick, okay, I
want this line or I
want it. You need to
mainly make some changes. And
those changes that you create
in that merge tool are
typically what show up. So
it's like, okay, you know,
he renamed this variable and
I renamed it to something
else. And so we had
to pick one of those.
So will have the correct
diff there to the past
rather to make those changes.
So it reflects the necessary
patches to resolve any emergence
conflicts. That's what a merged
commit has. We'll get into
trouble with this. Like where,
when is using rebates, just
a phenomenally bad idea, and
it's going to hurt you.
Rebates is a phenomenally bad
idea. If you're rebasing changes
that have already been pushed
to another repository And that's
because other people are going
to be basing all of
their work on those commits
that are now public. Exactly.
So you're affecting public history,
which is bad and affecting
private history is not because
it's not anywhere else. So
there's a flavor of rebasing
called interactive rebasing, where you
actually are allowed to four
modified commit messages or which
commits are being rebased against
another branch. And that's a
really actually handy tool. So
for example, I do a
lot of a work in
progress commit on my local
branches when I like get
up to go home at
the end of the day.
So I don't have those
changes just floating on my
machine for, let's say, you
know, everything breaks in like
open visual studio and it
rewrites, you know, a file
for some reason. And I
have a commit now over,
I don't have to worry
about what happened. I can
just get that state. And
so I don't really want
to work in progress, commit
on master, but I've committed
to a branch already, but
it's a local branch only.
So when I do a
rebate, I'll either squash that
commit into another commit, which
means it's just combining the
two sets of changes in
those two commits into one,
or I'll just re I'll
modify that commit message to
say what I actually did,
if I've realized that I
was actually done. That brings
up another interesting question. I
like to commit stuff a
lot, almost, maybe too much.
It's kind of a paranoia
because I just, I just
don't know what I'm doing
and I just don't want
to lose things. So I
just, I tend to commit
anytime, anything I don't want
to lose happens anytime, anything
that I would just go,
Oh man, I, you know,
I, I might need that
later. So I'll just commit,
commit, commit. I wouldn't say
it's as bad as the
people that do that kind
of habitual control S that
kind of the little Twitch
that we develop as programmers,
we just hit control S
but you know, I do
have a tendency to do
that quite a bit. So
my, my question is, can
I, in, in, in get,
is it something that I
could do where I could
commit 20 times locally and
then say those 20 really
represent one that I want
other people to see. So
that's, that's what a rebase
is. So you interactive rebase
rather. So you do get
rebates dash. I is the
command and it brings up
a text file effectively. That
has lines that look like
hick the commit hash, which
is just the unique identifier
for a commit. And then
the commit message, the first
line of it, at least.
And then what you can
do is you can actually
just in there there's things
you can do. You can
squash, you can just delete
the line. So you don't
even use the commit if
you don't want to go
whatever reason. And then you
can, you know, do some
changes. And I think there's
something else you can do,
but I don't know to
tell my head, cause I
normally don't use picking squash
or delete a line. So
you can actually squash all
those into one commit. So
you'd have one that was
picked and then you squash
the other 19 and then
it'll you save that. And
so do that and it'll
pop up another dialogue, let
you modify all those commit
messages into one, however you
want. And so, yeah, that's
a very common thing to
do. Like, let's say you're
fixing a bug and you'd
have 15 commits for a
bug fix and then going
to put that bug fixing
master, well, you could rebate
those into one commit and
push in a master and
let's say, will you find
out that, Oh, that's actually
causing another problem on master
in production. And so instead
of having to go and
revert 15 commits, you just
revert one to revert that
bug fix and then fix
it on your branch and
then recommit. It is the
tip. Yeah. So that's a
really good workflow. So I
actually prefer commit early commit
often because it's way easier
to modify all your changes.
When you have lots of
small commits, then if you
have like, Oh, well I've
fixed these 23 files and
actually don't want to do
two of them. So you
have to go through a
lot of work to only
add certain files to the
stage and, you know, commit
those and then reset certain
ones. And I think frequent
committee and work a lot
better. Now, if, if I,
if I do this squashing,
does it, does it squash
it locally? In the sense
of, if I looked at
my local log, it, it
will always be that way.
Or is it only, only
the result of the like,
I guess I'm trying to
understand what happens on the
server versus which is what
happens on my local machine.
Yeah. So you're not squashing
on the server, I guess
you you've never really want,
like, you mostly want to
do these kinds of things
on local branches. You can
on a remote, but it's
kind of dangerous. So like
you have a branch, like,
let's say you have your,
your branch, you know, my
20 commit branch. And you're
about to push that to
the server and be like,
why do I want to
send 20? So you had
rebased locally and that'll actually
turn all those into one
commit in your local history.
And you'll just see it
as one commit. You want
to see those 20 commits
anymore? Clear that up. Yeah.
Okay. All right. I'm getting
there. I'm getting there. I'm
a little slow, but I'll
figure it out. How long
did this take? You Take
me to do what? To
like figure all this out.
Oh yeah. Oh, I don't
know. I just like, I
would, I learned, you know,
all the basic stuff first,
and then I would run
into a problem that I
Google it or get on
stack overflow or programmers or
a chat room and bother
someone. And they're like, what
command? Don't you? I don't
know what's happening here. And
a lot of it's the
Google through of being able
to know what you're searching
for and get like, I
like what just happened? Like
I lost the commit. Like
how do you find that?
Cause you know, everybody has
their way of doing it.
Sometimes it feels like, yeah,
which one is right. And
so it's just a lot
of like, it was a
lot of, Oh no, I
just broke something. How do
I fix it? And then
figuring that out and then
just doing it a lot
every day. And is, is
it true that you, you
really can't lose a lot
of stuff with me if
it's committed, is it difficult
to lose things or, or
can you really shoot yourself
in the foot quite easily?
You could shoot yourself in
the foot if you deleted
a branch without, you know,
merging some other ones. But
I mean, if it's committed
and you're not deleting branches
and you're pushing stuff to
the, some kind of centralized
repository or other repositories, then
it's really, really hard to
lose stuff. And even, even
in the cases where you
do get rid of stuff,
a lot of times you
can still get it back
with it's called we flog.
And there's a file system
check one where you can
like see dangling commits, which
has all kinds of crazy
town. Yeah. It's what happens
when you, like, let's say
you check out a branch
and then you go, I
don't know how it actually
happens. Actually. I just know
it happens sometimes. Like when
you get into like rebates
as a merged state, sometimes
commits get stuck around, but
don't necessarily get removed. If
you like a board, a
commit, not a board, a
committed board merger, border rebates.
And so you can see
them there or so that,
that happens sometimes. So I'm
not really sure exactly how
it happens. I just know
it does. And they're not,
it's just like lost in
the index, which is, it's
not lost. It's just still
stuck in the index, but
it's not inside. It's not
associated with any branch, if
that makes sense, which is
a commit that has no
home. Oh, a commit that
has no home. I see.
Okay. That's yeah, that makes
sense. Let me try to
put it in the context
of file systems. Right. Cause
it really is just a
file system. That's, that's the
clever thing about, about get,
and you know, the times
happen where you, you know,
you lose a file even
as a, as a technical
person, you lose a file
and you're wandering around in
your hard drive looking for,
and you're like, how did
it end up in there?
Yeah. What's the one last
thing about get to, as
you can always find a
file, not a fine file.
Find it commit by it's
hash a lot of times.
Right? Cause every commit has
a unique hash. Yeah. So
I mean, you can move
anything from any branch, another
branch with it, if you
know, it's hash, One of
the things that I've been
most happy about in learning
get with, with the project
that we're working on smallest.net
was that we hooked it
up on Azure and then
set up the, the hook
on GitHub. So when we
push to master on, on
GitHub, it automatically publishes. And
I think this is a
thing that Heroku did a
couple of years ago and
everyone kind of thought that
was awesome. And now that
seems to be the standard
way of, of putting websites
live. These simple ones is
just you push it up
to master and then get
we'll go and notify Azure.
That it's changed. Yeah. I
do really like that. I'm
not sure if you're trying
to ask me a question
in there or it's just
my opinion. I'm sorry. Yeah,
no, I like that. There's
a lot of, there's a
ton of hooks, a get
hub. That's like a mountain
of them. Is that something
that you've done a lot
of? Do you do that
in like for, for real
sites and not just toys
like ours? I, we actually,
ours is hooked into team
city at work. So team
city gets monitors are repositories
on GitHub. And so what
were you organization? Private repositories
on getting hub for, at
my company and well, the
place I work and that's
all, so it teams, city
monitors it and team city
builds anytime there's a new
commit. And then we actually
use a octopus to deploy
post that. But yeah, I
mean, get hooks are really
awesome. I actually use HipChat
with some of my coworkers
for just on the side
talking and remembering conversations and
they have hooks. We can
hook up it to monitor,
get repositories. So you're alerted
to pull request and commits
and all kinds of stuff.
So cool. What else could
I do with a good
hook other than just deploy
stuff? Yeah. Oh God. There's
all kinds of stuff you
can do there have, has,
I don't know how many
integrations, like any integrations with
like obviously get hub issues.
You can integrate a lot
of it with issue trackers
where if you like, you
know, put a flag of
some form that has the
issue ID, it'll say this
has been, you know, resolve
they're mentioned in this committed
and you can do the
code and all kinds of
crazy stuff you can do
with get hooks. I'm pretty
much open to the world,
I guess. Cause they have
get hub as an API,
get hooks are mostly in
get hub. I think for
the most part. And that
bucket has a bunch, I
guess it's because it is
a hook. Literally I could
have someone, I could have
it text me or I
could, you know, more than
just deploying. I could have
other processes like a build
process or They'll process your
unit tests. Good run, all
that stuff. Continuous integration. I
actually have a, I use
Zapier that's I E r.com.
Their free account gives you
like five hooks. It's like,
if this, then that, but
for API and they actually
send me a message over
Google POC, every time someone
commits to a repo that
I am active in. Oh
really? Yeah. Well, cause I
have hit chat, which I
mean, I use my computer
in my phone, but the
Android application is terrible. When
you turn it off, you
walk out, it'll still send
you notifications, which is not
what I want. I get
a lot of messages in
there. Right. And so I
use Google talks on it
and it'll ping me with
stuff. And that way I
can see, you know, if
someone's got a pull request,
I need to review at
work or someone's committed code
to a repository that I
I'm interested in at work.
So I use that a
lot. Cause it pops up
and says, hello, and you
can have seen you emails
or text messages and all
kinds of stuff. So give
me some, some online resources
that, that you recommend. I
mean, anyone can go and
Google for learn, get, but
what do you think people
should, should do online to
learn how to do that?
Yeah. So if you really
want to learn about get,
and you will learn everything,
get S m.org. That's the
actual main site for the
project. It has a link
to the pro get book,
which is a really nice
book. It's free. You can
buy it if you want
from a press. I think
a press or somebody who
actually had been a double
check that, cause I don't
want to put you wrong
here. Aren't saying this, but
it's got all the information
about all the nuts and
bolts that you want to
get and to get, and
also try not get hub.com.
It's actually a part of
code school, but it's free.
And it goes through just
in your basic get usage
and they have a bunch
of advanced get a tech
pub has a lot of
tech has a good series
called mastering get. And he
he's like $15 and there's
help that get hub.com, which
has a lot of resources
for just using get and
using GitHub. And my opinion,
the best way is just
to sit down and start
working on some small project
that you don't really need
to invest your brain in
the actual project, but using
it to like, look at
how commits work and everything.
Very cool. I'm going to
add all of those links
to the show notes. So
people will find those up
at Hanselman's dot com. That's
about it. Yeah. I think
that's a good starting point.
And then from there just
kind of, you know, working
with it. Very cool. Well,
thanks Michael. I appreciate it.
And I continue to look
forward to working with you
on our little side project
to a small.net, which I
think people should check out
because people should go and
look at small setting on
an iPhone just to see
what happens. All right, Scott,
I appreciate it. Very cool.
Thanks a lot. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.